Fixed Broken Link (#1711)
carbon-language/carbon-lang: docs/project/faq.md

## Why build Carbon?

> See the [project README](https://github.com/carbon-language/carbon-lang#readme) for an overview of the motivation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [project README](https://github.com/carbon-language/carbon-lang/blob/trunk/README.md#why-build-carbon) for an overview of the motivation
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the [project README](/README.md#why-build-carbon) for an overview of the motivation
```
